Kevin Wong
CISC 3140
Lab 1

	The first group meeting of Group #2 went quite well. We managed to get input from just about everyone whether that was with voice chat or through the Zoom text chat. We have recognized certain people as “team leaders” as they were able to grasp certain ideas and were considered the more adept at what the project demanded. We haven’t had the time to break into frontend and backend groups yet but we will be looking into doing that in the next session. Everyone knows that the project demands and have been putting forth ideas as well as potential constraints that the project will hit in the future. 
  We came up with multiple ideas on what we could do and implement. We went through many ideas such as an universal ATM locator, E-waste disposal sites, and also public bathroom locators. As one can see, we delved into a project that would fit needs of a public audience. We considered drawbacks of each as well as how implementation can be done both backend and frontend. After much deliberation, we decided on a universal ATM locator as we felt that would be more widely received by both the urban as well as suburban audiences. The group is well aware of banking apps having their own ATM locators but we have also encountered problems using those said apps to locate ATMs. There was also discussion on the topics of filters for end users so they can filter out how they want to locate an ATM, ie: distance, fees, or relation with their banks. There were talks about how the group will delegate themselves into which portion of the project they wanted to work on as well as what strengths each member has. Some members have decided to work on the backend as they are more adept at understanding what is needed to be coded as well as setting up a database. The frontend developers discussed the idea of having a dynamic user interface (UI), to allow users to select filters to help them locate an ATM. We have talked about implementing the usage of Google Maps API to set up a geolocation for users to help locate ATMs easily. We haven’t discussed database storage but some of us are looking into cloud repositories (repos) to see what will suit our needs. 
